http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/chebiId	chebi id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/genatlasId	genatlas id
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/entrezgeneLink	gene id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/genbankId	genbank id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/experimentalWaterSolubility	experimental water solubility
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/generalFunction	general function
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/inchiIdentifier	inchi identifier
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/predictedLogpHydrophobicity	predicted logp hydrophobicity
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/transmembraneRegions	transmembrane regions
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/brandName	brand name
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/predictedWaterSolubility	predicted water solubility
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/molecularWeightMono	molecular weight mono
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/generalReference	general reference
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/diseasome/resource/diseasome/size	size
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/sider/resource/sider/sideEffectName	side effects name
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/interactionInsert	interaction insert
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/pfamDomainFunctionPage	pfam domain function page
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/genecardId	genecard id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/diseasome/resource/diseasome/class	class
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/inchiKey	inchi key
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/locus	locus
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/hprdId	hprd id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/genbankIdProteinPage	genbank id protein page
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/hgncidLink	hgnc id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/text	text
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/hetId	het id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/brandMixture	brand mixture
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/patientInformationInsert	patient information insert
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/proteinBinding	protein binding
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/numberOfResidues	number of residues
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/indication	indication
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/geneName	gene name
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/theoreticalPi	theoretical pi
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/chemicalIupacName	chemical iupac name
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/sider/resource/sider/siderDrugId	sider drug id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/hgncIdPage	hgnc id page
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/drugReference	drug reference
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/toxicity	toxicity
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/contraindicationInsert	contraindication insert
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/genbankIdGene	genbank id gene
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/drugType	drug type
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/brandedDrug	branded drug
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/chemicalStructure	chemical structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/pfamLink	pfam link
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/smilesStringIsomeric	smiles string isomeric
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/uniprotLink	uniprot link
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/pharmacology	pharmacology
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/predictedLogs	predicted logs
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/molecularWeight	molecular weight
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/foodInteraction	food interaction
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/experimentalCaco2Permeability	experimental caco 2 permeability
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/possibleDiseaseTarget	possible disease target
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/diseasome/resource/diseasome/associatedGene	associated gene
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/structure	structure
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/pdbIdPage	pdb id page
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/cellularLocation	cellular location
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/rxlistLink	rxlist link
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/target	target
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/pkaIsoelectricPoint	pka isoelectric point
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/sider/resource/sider/sideEffect	side effect
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/fdaLabelFiles	fda label files
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/chromosomeLocation	chromosome location
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/sider/resource/sider/stitchId	stitch id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/diseasome/resource/diseasome/possibleDrug	possible drug
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/essentiality	essentiality
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/reference	reference
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/goClassificationFunction	go classification function
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/diseasome/resource/diseasome/bio2rdfSymbol	bio to rdf symbol
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/dpdDrugIdNumber	dpd drug id number
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/diseasome/resource/diseasome/name	name
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/signal	signal
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/diseasome/resource/diseasome/degree	degree
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/drugInteractions	drug interactions
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/biotransformation	biotransformation
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/casRegistryNumber	cas registry number
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/state	state
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/meltingPoint	melting point
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/molecularWeightAverage	molecular weight average
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/pubchemSubstanceId	pubchem substance id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/sider/resource/sider/drugName	drugs alternate names name
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/diseasome/resource/diseasome/diseaseSubtypeOf	disease sub type of
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/pdbHomologyId	pdb homology id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/goClassificationProcess	go classification process
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/msdsFiles	msds files
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/omimLink	omim
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/pdrhealthLink	pdrhealth link
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/keggDrugId	kegg drug id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/affectedOrganism	affected organism
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/massSpecFile	mass spec file
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/secondaryAccessionNumber	secondary accession number
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/interactionDrug1	interaction drug 1
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/diseasome/resource/diseasome/omimPage	omim Page
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/mechanismOfAction	mechanism of action
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/drugCategory	drug category
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/smilesStringCanonical	smiles string canonical
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/primaryAccessionNo	primary accession no
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/genbankIdProtein	genbank id protein
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/genericName	generic name
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/swissprotName	swissprot name
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/pdbExperimentalId	pdb experimental id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/enzyme	enzyme
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/swissprotPage	swissprot page
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/interactionDrug2	interaction drug 2
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/pathway	pathway
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/ahfsCode	ahfs code
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/geneSequence	gene sequence
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/synthesisReference	synthesis reference
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/goClassificationComponent	go classification component
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/pdbId	pdb id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/absorption	absorption
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/experimentalLogpHydrophobicity	experimental logp hydrophobicity
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/proteinSequence	protein sequence
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/name	name
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/halfLife	half life
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/diseasome/resource/diseasome/hgncIdPage	hgnc id page
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/dosageForm	dosage form
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/creationDate	creation date
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/synonym	synonym
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/description	description
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/atcCode	atc code
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/specificFunction	specific function
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/diseasome/resource/diseasome/classDegree	class degree
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/updateDate	update date
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/reaction	reaction
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/pubchemCompoundId	pubchem compound id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/chemicalFormula	chemical formula
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/keggCompoundId	kegg compound id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/diseasome/resource/diseasome/chromosomalLocation	chromosomal location
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/sider/resource/sider/sideEffectId	side effects sideeffect id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/experimentalLogs	experimental logs
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/pharmgkbId	pharmgkb id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/genbankIdGenePage	genbank id gene page
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/limsDrugId	lims drug id
http://www4.wiwiss.fu-berlin.de/drugbank/resource/drugbank/bio2rdfSymbol	bio 2 rdf symbol
